Add wording for enterprise page (#16560)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/minio/README.md

Disclaimer: All software products, projects and company names are trademark(TM) or registered(R) trademarks of their respective holders, and use of them does not imply any affiliation or endorsement. This software is licensed to you subject to one or more open source licenses and VMware provides the software on an AS-IS basis. MinIO(R) is a registered trademark of the MinIO Inc. in the US and other countries. Bitnami is not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with MinIO Inc. MinIO(R) is licensed under GNU AGPL v3.0.

> Looking to use Bitnami Object Storage based on MinIO## TL;DRreg; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to use Bitnami Object Storage based on MinIO&reg; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.
```
